Update Datadog Jenkins plugin configuration instructions (#27181)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/pipelines/jenkins.md

   2. (Optional) Configure your CI Instance name.
8. (Optional) Configure logs collection:
   1. Enable the `Enable Log Collection` checkbox.

> 9. (Optional) Enter the name of the host that you use to access Datadog UI (e.g. `app.datadoghq.com`) in the `Datadog App hostname` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. (Optional) Enter the name of the host that you use to access Datadog UI (for example, `app.datadoghq.com`) in the `Datadog App hostname` field.
```

   1. Configure the `Log Collection` port as configured in the Datadog Agent.
   2. Click the `Test logs connection` button to verify that your configuration is valid.
   3. Enable the `Enable Log Collection` checkbox.

> 7. (Optional) Enter the name of the host that you use to access Datadog UI (e.g. `app.datadoghq.com`) in the `Datadog App hostname` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. (Optional) Enter the name of the host that you use to access Datadog UI (for example, `app.datadoghq.com`) in the `Datadog App hostname` field.
```
